so I have the sign base coated now this
is about four coats of parchment acrylic
paint and it sounds worse than it is I
actually blow it dry with a blow dryer
in between coats so it actually goes
really fast so now it's time to transfer
your design I used I I made this design
joy to the world on the computer and
printed it out and that's the design I'm
going to use so I just position it on
the sign and tape it down my my patterns
are just a hair bigger than the sign so
you want to get it nice and even and
then you use something called graphite
paper this is graphite paper you get it
in a Michaels or an arts and crafts
store and it's like a transfer paper for
what it's dull on one side shiny on the
other so you want to put it shiny side
down underneath your pattern and then
hold your pattern tight and you trace
around it using a little stylus like
this mine has thin on one side thick on
the other I go thin and I just start
tracing around my letters and you just
keep going until all your letters are
traced on to your sign and I will just
show you I'll give you a little peak
when it looks like so the nice thing
about when you tape it is you can use it
like so and not move your pattern
so there it is so now I actually will
press a little lighter I don't need that
dark of a design so I'll press a little
lighter from now on okay I'll finish
this up and be right back